Create a account in github
In our account Create a new repository and then copy http of that repository.
Install git from https://git-scm.com/download/win
Create a folder in local pc.
Inside folder right click and click git bash.
Then :
	git --version
	
	--> git --version tells you the version of git we are using.
	
	git clone HTTP_LINK

	--> It take a clone from the Remote repository(github),The copied HTTP line Paste it .
	
	cd Your_Repo_name (Press tab)

	--> Then you will come insde the repository and aslo you will find main as branch.    

If you want to start from local pc then below process we can follow

Git Command 
------------
	1) Git init 

To initalize a git repository in our working directory so that git can track changes.

	2) git config --global user.email "your email"
	3) git config --global user.name "your name"

To congfigure and do all change and store in your files in Remote repository(github)
give Name and  Email by which you have account of github.

	4) git status

To check the status what changes or new file you have add or not.
If any change you made it will show you in red color that the file is modified.

	5) git add FileName
	6) git add FileName1 FileName2
	7) git add .

git add . commands will add all file which is present in working directory.
This all command will add to staging area,which is ready to commit.Now what ever changes you made the status
will become green color

	8) ls 

ls is the command to check how and what file are present in the directory.

	9) ls -a

ls -a --> This command will give you All files present in Directory ie. Also hidden file,
If we get .git/ then that mean this repo is in track by git.

	10) git commit -m "Commit_message"

we have to give commit message ,so that we can know what change we made we easy find by message.
Git commit will commit your file and changes and also goes to Local repository from staging area

Working directory --> staging area ---> Local repository
			git add	---	git commit -m "----"

	11) git commit -a -m "Commit message"

The Above command is short to add as well as commit at a same time.

	11) git log 

git log will give how many commit you have made	,and also what message for each commit u have given.

	12) git log 